---
layout: page
title: "Test Page"
---
<p>LIMITATION ON HALF PAST GREEN LIABILITY</p>
<p>Half Past Green’s liability, whether in contract, tort, negligence, or otherwise, shall be limited in the aggregate to direct and actual damages not to exceed the fees received by Half Past Green from Subscriber. Half Past Green will not be liable for consequential, incidental, punitive, special, exemplary, or indirect damages resulting directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance upon any material provided by Half Past Green. Without limitation, Half Past Green shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damages related to, either directly or indirectly, (1) any decline in market value or loss of any investment; (2) a subscriber’s inability to use or any delay in accessing the Half Past Green website or any other source of material provided by Half Past Green; (3) any absence of material on the Half Past Green website; (4) Half Past Green’ failure to deliver or delay in delivering any material or (5) any kind of error in transmission of material; or (6) the use by a subscriber of any research to invest in any way which may be deemed unsuitable in accordance with certain industry standards. Half Past Green and Subscriber acknowledge that, without limitation, the above-enumerated conditions cannot be the probable cause of any breach of any agreement between Half Past Green and Subscriber. “No-risk” and “risk-free” refer solely to the subscription price refund policy.</p>
<p>DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY</p>
<p>ANY AND ALL MATERIAL PROVIDED BY HALF PAST GREEN IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND HALF PAST GREEN MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT ABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.</p>
<p>ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AGREEMENT</p>
<p>Not withstanding any other agreement or other communications between Half Past Green and Subscriber to the contrary, receipt or use of any material provided by Half Past Green, at any time and through any means, whether directly or indirectly, represents acknowledgement by such person of this disclaimer and agreement with its terms and conditions.</p>
<p>THIRD-PARTY SITES, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES</p>
<p>Links from this website and in our Half Past Green newsletter are provided for your convenience. Should you leave this site, or the Half Past Green newsletter issue, via a link contained herein, the content that you view therein is not provided by our company. We are not responsible for, nor have developed or reviewed, the content at those sites. We make no guarantees, representations, or warranties as to, and shall have no liability for, any electronic content delivered by any third party, including, without limitation, the accuracy, subject matter, quality, or timeliness of any electronic content.</p>
<p>AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER:</p>
<p>From time to time, I will, endorse, promote or suggest services and/or products for sale. My recommendation is ALWAYS based on my belief that the product and it’s creator will provide excellent and valuable information or service based on a review of that product, my relationship with that person, and or previous positive experience with the person or company who’s product I am recommending. In some cases, I will be compensated if you decide to purchase that product based on my recommendation. In some cases, I will receive the product for free for review purposes. I always do my best to provide unbiased product reviews.  If a product fails my expectations or seems unsafe to me I will let you know. Remember these are all recommendations based on my experience and opinion, please always do your OWN due-diligence before making any purchase.</p>
<p>COPYRIGHT NOTICE</p>
<p>Half Past Green is the copyright owner of all information contained in this service, except as otherwise indicated. Other parties’ trademarks and service marks that may be referred to herein are the property of their respective owners. You may print a copy of the information contained herein for your personal use only, but you may not reproduce or distribute the information to others or substantially copy the information on your own server, or link to Half Past Green’ website, without prior written permission of Half Past Green. Use or reproduction of information from this service for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.</p>
